Currently logging to "gdb.txt".
Logs will be appended to the log file.
Output is being logged and displayed.
Currently logging to "gdb.txt".
Logs will be appended to the log file.
Output is being logged and displayed.
Currently logging to "gdb.txt".
Logs will be appended to the log file.
Output is being logged and displayed.
List of classes of commands:

aliases -- Aliases of other commands
breakpoints -- Making program stop at certain points
data -- Examining data
files -- Specifying and examining files
internals -- Maintenance commands
obscure -- Obscure features
running -- Running the program
status -- Status inquiries
support -- Support facilities
tracepoints -- Tracing of program execution without stopping the program
user-defined -- User-defined commands

Type "help" followed by a class name for a list of commands in that class.
Type "help all" for the list of all commands.
Type "help" followed by command name for full documentation.
Type "apropos word" to search for commands related to "word".
Command name abbreviations are allowed if unambiguous.
Running the program.

List of commands:

advance -- Continue the program up to the given location (same form as args for break command)
attach -- Attach to a process or file outside of GDB
continue -- Continue program being debugged
detach -- Detach a process or file previously attached
detach checkpoint -- Detach from a checkpoint (experimental)
detach inferiors -- Detach from inferior ID (or list of IDS)
disconnect -- Disconnect from a target
finish -- Execute until selected stack frame returns
handle -- Specify how to handle signals
inferior -- Use this command to switch between inferiors
interrupt -- Interrupt the execution of the debugged program
jump -- Continue program being debugged at specified line or address
kill -- Kill execution of program being debugged
kill inferiors -- Kill inferior ID (or list of IDs)
next -- Step program
nexti -- Step one instruction
queue-signal -- Queue a signal to be delivered to the current thread when it is resumed
reverse-continue -- Continue program being debugged but run it in reverse
reverse-finish -- Execute backward until just before selected stack frame is called
Quit
quit
